Openthread coap example doc changes (#3)
lmaciejonczyk/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/net/openthread/coap_client/README.rst

.. _coap_client_sample:

OpenThread: CoAP Client
#######################

> The OpenThreag CoAP Client sample demonstrates interactions between nodes performing different Thread roles with the use of OpenThread and CoAP protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenThread CoAP Client sample demonstrates interactions between nodes performing different Thread roles with the use of the OpenThread stack and the CoAP protocol.
```

Overview
********

> The client node can control the state of LED 3 on server nodes. It can turn on the LED either on every server node in the network with a multicast message, or on a single specific server node that is paired with the client node.

Reviewer 2: it should be LED 4

> The client node can control the state of LED 3 on server nodes. It can turn on the LED either on every server node in the network with a multicast message, or on a single specific server node that is paired with the client node.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to connect to a Thread network for this sample to be able to control the LED 3 state? If so, please mention this at the start.

Reviewer: Also, can we have some more technical details here? Like what kind of messages it can send, what are message characteristics, when it can send it etc.?

> The client node can control the state of LED 3 on server nodes. It can turn on the LED either on every server node in the network with a multicast message, or on a single specific server node that is paired with the client node.

Reviewer: Does this mean that this sample can only work with the OT server sample? If so, please mention that you need it. I would say this requirement should be mentioned in Requirements. See how this is handled in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/bluetooth/mesh/light/README.html#bluetooth-mesh-light

This sample uses Zephyr CoAP API for communication. For example usage of native OpenThread CoAp API refer to :ref:`coap_server_sample`

> Requirements

Reviewer: Add in Requirements?
```
This sample requires a sample with a light resource programmed on a separate device.
```
You can define this line better by adding "Thread-compatible" or simply linking to the CoAP server if this sample cannot work with any other sample but this. I feel though that it is needed to give the information that this sample cannot work without another one.

The following board buttons are used by this sample:

Button 1:

>   Pressing results in sending a unicast LIGHT_TOGGLE message to the /light resource on a paired device. If no device is paired with the specific client node, pressing the button has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pressing results in sending a unicast LIGHT_TOGGLE message to the light resource on a paired device. If no device is paired with the specific client node, pressing the button has no effect.
```

Button 2:

>   Pressing results in sending a multicast LIGHT_ON or a LIGHT_OFF message (alternatively) to the /light resource. Sending a LIGHT_ON/LIGHT_OFF message instead of LIGHT_TOGGLE allows to synchronize the state of the LEDs on several server nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pressing results in sending a multicast LIGHT_ON or a multicast LIGHT_OFF message (alternatively) to the light resource on paired devices. Sending this kind of message instead of a LIGHT_TOGGLE one allows to synchronize the state of the LEDs on several devices at once.
``` 
Unified to "devices", although "server nodes" are also OK -- up to you, but please edit also lines 29 and 32.

Author: the name of the resource is /light, it is a path-like approach e.g. /light/1/brightness. It is just that this particular one has only one element. If you agree I would leave '/' here and all following comments

Button 3:

>   Pressing results in sending a multicast pairing request to the /provisioning resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pressing results in sending a multicast pairing request to the provisioning resource on the paired device.
```

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/net/openthread/coap_client`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

After building the sample, test it by performing the following steps:

> #. Program one or more boards with the Thread Simple CoAP Client and the Thread Simple CoAP Server.

Reviewer: So this sample requires the Thread Server CoAP one... see my comment to line 15.

Reviewer: Also, "one or more boards" contradicts the requirement of having one board for the client in Requirements.

> #. Turn on the Simple CoAP Server or Simple CoAP Client node and wait for a while.

Reviewer: Please explain briefly why I should wait and until when.

> #. Turn on any of the other nodes. They will enter the network as Children, and Simple CoAP Client or Simple CoAP Server nodes will gradually become Routers.

Reviewer: OK, so you need even more nodes? Please add this information to Requirements for this sample. But I think we should stick here to the simplest possible configuration, so if the sample can work with one or two server nodes, as suggested by the description of Button 2, we should stick to this minimal scenario.

> #. You can control LED 4 on every server node by pressing Button 2 on any client node.

Reviewer: Make sure steps start with verbs. Each step is a command, so verb at the start is a must.
```suggestion
#. Press Button 2 on the client node to control LED 4 on server nodes.
```
Also, why pressing now if the client is paired with a server only in the next step?

> #. Pair a client with a server. Press Button 4 on a server node to enable pairing. Then, press Button 3 on any client node to pair the two nodes. You can now control the LED 4 on this server node by pressing Button 1 on the client node.

Reviewer: See my comment to line 52.
Also:
- One step = one action. This one currently has 3 actions.
- In NCS, write one sentence per line, so sentences 2, 3, and 4 need to start on new lines. Please read "RST file formatting" in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/doc_styleguide.html

.. tip::

>     You can connect to any of the Simple CoAP Server or Simple CoAP Client nodes through a serial port and run OpenThread CLI commands. The application uses the following UART settings:

Reviewer: Isn't this covered by How to connect with PuTTY? Can we link there instead of providing this information here? https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/gs_testing.html

        | Baud rate: 115.200
        | 8 data bits
        | 1 stop bit
        | No parity
        | HW flow control: None

      .. note::

>           In Zephyr shell every OpenThread command needs to be prepended with the `ot` keyword e.g. `ot channel 20`

Reviewer: This and line 67 should rather be explained in the Thread user guide and only linked here.

Author: There is no thread user guide atm so nothing to link to. Will leave it as is right now and hope to remove it when Thread guide is ready (just in case we don't prepare it on time)

In addition, it uses the following Zephyr libraries:

* :ref:`CoAP <zephyr:coap_sock_interface>`

* :ref:`zephyr:kernel`:

>   * ``include/kernel.h``

Reviewer 2: I would add here a references section with reference to [CoAP specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7252)

Reviewer: I would not add this here, but rather in the sample's overview.
This section lists only dependencies from NCS and Zephyr, to my best knowledge.
